com/example/jewellery/Trackorder.java
 com.example.jewellery.Trackorder
com/example/jewellery/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.jewellery.BuildConfig
com/example/jewellery/Payment.java
 com.example.jewellery.Payment
 com.example.jewellery.Payment$1
com/example/jewellery/Login.java
 com.example.jewellery.Login
 com.example.jewellery.Login$1
 com.example.jewellery.Login$2
com/example/jewellery/Cart_view.java
 com.example.jewellery.Cart_view
 com.example.jewellery.Cart_view$1
com/example/jewellery/cust_list.java
 com.example.jewellery.cust_list
com/example/jewellery/JsonReq.java
 com.example.jewellery.JsonReq
com/example/jewellery/Categories.java
 com.example.jewellery.Categories
com/example/jewellery/Customer_homepage.java
 com.example.jewellery.Customer_homepage
 com.example.jewellery.Customer_homepage$1
 com.example.jewellery.Customer_homepage$2
 com.example.jewellery.Customer_homepage$3
 com.example.jewellery.Customer_homepage$4
 com.example.jewellery.Customer_homepage$5
com/example/jewellery/PHOTO.java
 com.example.jewellery.PHOTO
 com.example.jewellery.PHOTO$1
 com.example.jewellery.PHOTO$2
 com.example.jewellery.PHOTO$3
 com.example.jewellery.PHOTO$4
 com.example.jewellery.PHOTO$5
com/example/jewellery/FitEarring.java
 com.example.jewellery.FitEarring
com/example/jewellery/Touch.java
 com.example.jewellery.Touch
com/example/jewellery/IPsettings.java
 com.example.jewellery.IPsettings
 com.example.jewellery.IPsettings$1
com/example/jewellery/JsonResponse.java
 com.example.jewellery.JsonResponse
com/example/jewellery/Registration.java
 com.example.jewellery.Registration
 com.example.jewellery.Registration$1
com/example/jewellery/FIT.java
 com.example.jewellery.FIT
 com.example.jewellery.FIT$1
 com.example.jewellery.FIT$MyView
com/example/jewellery/Custom_cart.java
 com.example.jewellery.Custom_cart
com/example/jewellery/Pay.java
 com.example.jewellery.Pay
 com.example.jewellery.Pay$1
com/example/jewellery/Feedback.java
 com.example.jewellery.Feedback
 com.example.jewellery.Feedback$1
com/example/jewellery/Custom_trackorder.java
 com.example.jewellery.Custom_trackorder
com/example/jewellery/Ornaments.java
 com.example.jewellery.Ornaments
com/example/jewellery/CircleTransform.java
 com.example.jewellery.CircleTransform
com/example/jewellery/Model_details.java
 com.example.jewellery.Model_details
 com.example.jewellery.Model_details$1
 com.example.jewellery.Model_details$2
